hey folks i am wanted to go over with
you a couple things now just a couple
updates for September and everything the
extra life charity has almost reached
its goal of 2,500 you know I really
implore you guys to you know please
check out that please consider donating
to it go with my whole spiel that I know
times are tough for everyone but you
know I would greatly appreciate it as a
you know special thanks to donors and
everything I wish I could be a little
bit more specific on exactly when
exactly what day even I will be doing
some more minecraft zombie survival I
think anyone who saw the stream the last
time I did this really had a lot of fun
with it we are kind of just playing
around with a mechanic still and i think
it turned out great i know i had a blast
and the people who played really had a
blast and so obviously i'm going to be
prioritizing donors if you're interested
in the minecraft zombie survival thing
you know please make sure to send me a
message or something like that just
saying that you're interested in you
know if you're a donor you know that's
basically what i want to compile a list
of first is making sure that donors get
their proper place and then open it up
to anyone who wants to play but you know
we play a couple games also going along
with that it's not quite finished yet
and I'm not sure if I ponies all mine I
ponies has been working very hard on
building a little village map for the
zombie survival just to try out just to
see how it works we were kind of just
doing random maps before but I think
this could be a lot of fun basically
having a map premade here that you know
you would have to try and you know
survive in this little village from you
know the player controlled zombies and
the zombies would have a choice would
they want to try and come in from the
docks here what they want to try and
break through the walls and get through
that way you know it's obviously a
little bit longer going that way but you
know things like that I think could be a
lot of fun this is still a work in
progress and you know we kind of learned
a lot from the last time we played but
you know there's obviously still more to
learn with it but I'm not even
this is ready to be played on yet but
regardless I think this could be a lot
of fun for those of you unaware of
exactly what I'm talking about I
designed this little yeah with the help
of a few other people came up with this
zombie survival idea and the whole idea
was that survivors would start at
daybreak and they have a day and a half
30 minutes minecraft time or 30 minutes
out the real time day and a half
minecraft time to build up
fortifications and build up defenses
against the zombies was generally a four
on five three on five favoring the
zombies maybe at three on six in some
cases four on six we we tried to put the
favor towards the zombie once a survivor
died then they would become a zombie or
they were you know they were basically
out and the goal was you know for the
survivors to try and last until daybreak
you know 10 minutes doesn't sound like
it's that long of a time but the zombies
can continue to come back and so the
zombies keep coming after you and you
know you're allowed to use any tools you
want swords or anything like that the
zombies cannot all the zombies can use
our their fists but believe it or not it
does get kind of tricky when you know
you're surrounded there if they managed
to isolate you or if they managed to
really screw stuff up especially with
the punch mechanism where you can charge
and punch you know we were having guys
going flying off buildings and stuff
like that one thing that we did really
pick up from the test runs of the play
in the game was trying to favor more of
a active game were you would you weren't
trying to run away and hide from the
zombies you know you're having people
dig really deep and dig these elaborate
tunnels and everything and I felt that
kind of went away from what we were
looking for I think it's a lot more fun
to try and fight off the zombies you
know so in some of the later games we
were trying to really fortify against
the zombies we had this you know tower
that we lit on fire didn't work out
great but you know things like that but
you know I think all of that together
really helps
add this fun atmosphere to zombie
survival and you know as I said if you
think you're interested in playing betta
zambia is you know survivor you know let
me know after you donate i know there's
a lot of people who want to play this a
lot of people who want to check it out
you know those people i'll pick up in
the stream as we go but what I'm really
looking for now is the donors to extra
life so if you're looking for your
donations to extra life to pay off even
more you know this is a great way to you
know have some fun with some people and
you know ultimately just just have a
good time I'll put the link in the
description but it's tiny CC / toga 2011
for my charity it does go to the
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia all
in part of the extra life I will
definitely be playing some of the zombie
survival in the extra life stream itself
so you know if you're you know really
interested in playing there and i'll
probably be you know for donors
prioritized in that one too but you know
just giving you guys some ideas on it
you know we're really close we're only a
couple hundred dollars away from 2500
and i know we can get there and you know
I again thank you to everyone who's
donated already it's it's really meant a
lot to me so I guess I'll stop babbling
and we'll go from there but you know if
you're interested in playing and you'd
like to make a donation and play send me
a message as of right now posting this
on Monday September 19th there's a
chance I might play tonight or tomorrow
night definitely one of those nights I'm
just not sure my buddy just got a puppy
and i'll be going over to his house i'm
just not sure whether it'll be tonight
or tomorrow night probably sometime
around seven eight o'clock ish eastern
standard time new york time if that
helps at all but you know going from
there i'll stop babbling as Holies folks
thanks for watching and two minutes tune
into the stream when it happens i'll
post a video for the stream when it goes
live and yeah i'll see you there that's
Holies folks thanks for watching and see
you there thanks for watching folks